1398 execution reverted should be returned to provider (#1424)
hashgraph/hedera-json-rpc-relay: docs/configuration.md

| Name                                  | Default       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------- |--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `ESTIMATE_GAS_THROWS`                 | "true"        | eth_estimateGase throws an error if the encoded contract is bigger than 12288 bytes when posting to the mirror node.  Set this to true to ignore.

Reviewer: Wrong description.
```suggestion
| `ESTIMATE_GAS_THROWS`                 | "true"        | Flag to enable or disable whether eth_estimateGas should throw an error on contract revert 400 HTTP responses from the mirror node.
```

Author: Done.

> | `ALLOW_INVALID_HEX_RESPONSE`          | "true"        | Account for the benign 400 response with message 'data field invalid hexadecimal string' coming back from the mirror node when deploying a contract.

Reviewer: Need to update this
`ESTIMATE_GAS_THROWS` => Something to describe that this decided is `eth_estimateGas` throws a revert error on execution reverts.

Reviewer: Feel free to rename if `ESTIMATE_GAS_THROWS` isn't descriptive enough and needs to be `ESTIMATE_GAS_EXPOSES_REVERT` or something else instead.

Author: Updated.
